Billie

Billie lay very still.  She knew she was seeing something she wasn't
supposed to.  A dim light was on in the other end of the darkened
Winnebago.  She could see her Aunt and Uncle lying side by side on the
double bed.  Hedda, her mother's sister, and Bjorn, her husband, were
kissing.	They were lying on top of the cover, with their feet towards
where Billie lay in the sofa bed with her two cousins, Ralph and Myrtle.
Billie could see that the two adults were dressed for bed, and they were
just lying there together with their arms around each other kissing.
Billie couldn't believe that she was here.

She hadn't seen her cousins in several years, but two weeks ago, her
Aunt Hedda had called her mother and asked if Wilmenna (Billie's given
name) would like to go on vacation with them.  Her mother had agreed and
they had stopped in the middle of the night to pick her up at her house.
They were going to drive during the night so that they would be at the
camping park before morning. Her mother was supposed to drive down in a
few days to join them. Her two cousins, 15 year old Ralph and 14 year
old Myrtle, had been sacked out on the sofa bed in the middle of the
travel vehicle when she got on board.  They had waked up and the three
of them had talked and giggled for a while before going to sleep.  They
had just fallen asleep in their clothes there on the sofa bed together.
Billie was on the right side of the bed, towards the back of the
vehicle, Myrtle was in the middle, and Ralph was snoring on the other
side of Myrtle.  Billie had half-waked when she felt the big Winnebago
bumping over rough terrain.  Shortly after this she had been vaguely
aware of her aunt and uncle moving past where they slept to the back of
the trailer, and realized that they must have reached their destination.
She had just about dozed back off when she heard her aunt giggle.  She
had peeked to see what was going on and discovered that they were
smooching.  Her aunt had on a short gown and her uncle had on pajamas.
Now as she watched, she saw Bjorn sliding his hands all over Hedda's big
tits, and then she saw him pull the strap of her gown down and take hold
of her bare tit. As she watched, she saw him lower his head to her
breast.  With his head in the way, she couldn't be too sure, but she had
the impression that he was kissing her tits.  Bjorn slid down on the bed
a little, and, as he moved, his crotch came into Billie's view. She
almost gasped aloud at what she saw.  His pajama pants were bulging!
From the way his pants were sticking out, she knew he had an "erection"
as the books on sex called it.  Then she saw him slide his hand up
between Hedda's legs, pulling her gown up as he did so.  When he reached
her crotch, she opened her legs and Billie saw him slide his finger
right up inside of her pussy!  From the angle she had, she could
actually see his finger disappear through the black hair and go up her
slit.  She saw her aunt reach down and slide her hand inside the waist
of Bjorn's pajama pants.  From the way Hedda's hand was moving back and
forth, Billie knew that her aunt was stroking Bjorn's penis.  She held
her breath as she watched.

After several minutes, she saw her uncle raise up and slide over on top
of her aunt.  She saw her aunt pushing his pajamas down, and she almost
gasped when his butt came into view.  She had never seen a man's butt,
and she was very excited at getting to view her uncle's.  She realized
that she was "sexually aroused" as the books called it.  She knew her
virgin 13 year old pussy was wet with juice.  She had played with her
pussy enough to know the excited feeling.

She saw her aunt pull her legs up, her knees sticking up on each side of
her uncle's thighs.  She knew that they were about to have sex, or
"fuck" as some of her more experienced friends at school called it.

Billie saw her uncle's buttocks tighten as he pushed against her aunt,
and she realized that he must have just put his penis inside of her
vagina.  Billie almost giggled out loud.  She was thinking in the terms
which she had seen in the books.  Her friend, Jill, would have said that
he just stuck his dick in her pussy.  As she watched, she saw her
uncle's buttocks tighten and relax as he thrust into his wife and then
withdrew.  Billie lay very still and watched his butt, looking at the
way the muscles tightened and relaxed as he repeatedly thrust and
withdrew, thrust and withdrew. Bjorn was doing it faster now.  His
buttocks were clenching and relaxing at a much faster rate.  She could
hear her aunt sort of moaning and groaning in time with Bjorn's thrusts.
It sounded like her aunt was really enjoying what she was getting.
Billie saw Hedda's hands slide down over Bjorn's ass.	Hedda had hold of
his butt checks, pulling and pushing, encouraging him in his thrusts.
Suddenly, she saw her aunt's legs jerk upward and heard her begin to
kind of moan and cry.  She saw her uncle shove forward hard and hold
tight up against her.  His buttocks were clenched tightly and she could
hear him gasping and groaning.  She realized that they must be
"climaxing" and that his organ must be shooting his stuff up inside of
her.

After a few moments, they lay still.  Billie was hoping that her uncle
would raise up and that she would see his dick when he pulled it out of
her aunt, but they just lay there.  Billie drifted off to sleep before
the couple moved, so she didn't get to see Bjorn raise up and slide off
of Hedda and pull his pajamas up.	Billie was awakened by a hand shaking
her shoulder.

"Billie, rise and shine," she heard Hedda's voice.  Sleepily, Billie
rolled over onto her back.  She had been having the most wonderful
dream.  She had been watching her uncle's bare butt, thrusting and
pushing.	But it had been her he was thrusting and pushing into!

Looking around, she saw that Myrtle was sitting up beside her, rubbing
her eyes and Ralph was sitting on the side of the sofa bed on the other
side of Myrtle.  Hedda laughed at them.  "You guys got a lot more sleep
than we did last night, and we're having to wake you up," she laughed at
them.  "Come on, I've got breakfast ready." She motioned toward the
front of the vehicle, and Billie saw that the booth-like table was set
with bacon and eggs.  Bjorn was putting forks on the table.  The kids
didn't need any more encouragement.  All three of them scrambled off the
bed and headed for the table.

After breakfast, they all went out together to look around the camping
park.  They were parked in a wooded section near a river. There was only
one other vehicle in that section of the park, a big conversion van,
parked three campsites away.	There was a small building next to the
conversion van which Billie guessed was some sort of bath house.  Their
campsite was all the way on the end of the row, and it had a picnic
table and a campfire circle.

They walked down the road past the conversion van and when they rounded
a curve in the drive, Billie saw a swimming pool ahead. Beyond the
swimming pool, there were more campsites, and what looked like a lodge.
They walked on down to the swimming pool, and discovered that there was
a concession stand alongside it.  The kids went around to inspect the
pool while Bjorn and Hedda walked on down to the lodge.

"Hey, look over there," Ralph whispered to the girls.	He was looking
back up the road in the direction of their campsite.  The girls saw
another girl coming down the road.  The new girl was a cute looking
blond, a little on the chubby side.  The thing which had attracted Ralph
was her figure.  She had large bouncy tits which were threatening to
fall out of the skimpy halter top which she was wearing.  Her shorts
were so tight that it looked like she had been poured into them.

"Ralph's hormones are acting up," Myrtle giggled to Billie as the girl
approached them.

"Hi," she said as came up to them.  She looked to be about 15 years old,
and was quite pretty in spite of being just a little heavy. Billie and
Myrtle realized that her greeting was really directed to Ralph, but they
all responded.  They found that she was from the conversion van which
they had passed on the way down, and that she was there with her mother
and father, who were still asleep.  Her name was Olga, and she had been
hoping that someone else her age would show up soon.  Again, she seemed
much more interested in Ralph than in the other girls.  They talked to
Olga until Bjorn and Hedda came out of the lodge and called them.

"Olga's hormones are acting up, too," Myrtle giggled to Billie as they
trotted over to where the grownups were waiting.	"The bath house is
available for us to use," Hedda told them, "so we won't be stuck with
the tiny shower in the bus.

"Besides the van we passed, we're the only ones on our side of the
swimming pool right now."

They looked around the area some more, then they all headed back for the
campsite except Ralph, who was over by the pool talking to Olga again.

Bjorn and Hedda were walking several yards ahead of the girls, with
their arms around each other.

"I wonder how they are going to manage being in that trailer with us for
a whole week," Myrtle giggled to Billie.

"What do you mean?" Billie asked.

"Well, they like to screw a lot," Myrtle explained.  "Ralph and I hear
them going at it almost every night.  I wonder how they are going to
manage with us in the same room with them."

Billie giggled and whispered what she had seen the night before to
Myrtle.  Myrtle got very excited, wanting to know all the details. She
was disappointed when Billie confessed that she had not seen Bjorn's
prick.

"You should see it," she whispered.  "It's huge!	Much bigger than
Ralph's!"

"You've seen them?" Billie asked.

"Sure," Myrtle replied.	"Well, I've never seen Dad's hard, but it's
bigger soft than Ralph's is when he's got a hardon," she giggled.

"You've seen Ralph's hard?"  Billie asked with disbelief.

"Yeah, and you probably will too, before this week is out," she giggled.
"And I'll bet Olga will see it too, if Ralph has anything to say about
it," she laughed.

When they came up to the bath house, Myrtle called out to her parents
that they were going to stop there.  "I've gotta pee," Myrtle told
Billie.  Billie was feeling the urge, too, so the two girls went into
the ladies side of the bath house.  When they got inside, they realized
that they could hear a shower running.	It seemed to be coming from the
men's side.  Myrtle held her finger up to her lips, indicating to Billie
to be quiet.  Billie wondered what her cousin was up to.  She followed
as Myrtle moved silently into the shower area.  She seemed to be looking
at the wall separating the men's and women's areas, then she grinned and
motioned to Billie to follow her.	She moved right up to the wall and
pointed to two holes in the wall.	She bent down and peered through one
of the holes.	Billie bent over and looked through the other hole.  What
she saw made her blood boil up!  There was a naked man in the other
side, standing under the shower.  He was on the other side of the shower
from the wall and had his back to the girls.  Billie could see his butt,
all hairy and hard looking.  As they watched, he turned around and faced
directly towards the girls!  They could see his prick, hanging down
between his legs. To Billie, it seemed huge.  The man, who looked to be
about the same age as Bjorn, was soaping his stomach.

He slid his hand down to his crotch and began to soap his large hairy
balls.  Then his hand came up and encircled his large organ, sliding up
and down along the length of it, covering it with soap. As the girls
watched, they saw his prick beginning to stiffen as his hand slid up and
down it.	It got stiffer and stiffer, rising up until it extended
straight out from his crotch.  Billie couldn't see as well as she would
have liked to, because of the soap covering it and his hand sliding up
and down on it.  However, she could see the large purple knob, coming
into view each time the man's hand moved down towards the base of the
huge shaft.  After several moments, the man turned back towards the
shower head and began to wash the soap off of his body.  When he turned
back around again, the girls saw that his dick had softened, and was now
pointing out and down, rather than standing up as it had been.  The man
turned back toward the shower head again, and let the water run over him
a few more moments, then he turned the water off.  He moved out of their
view through the door into the main dressing area.

Myrtle quickly moved out of the shower area and began to search the wall
in the main dressing area.  Finally, she spotted some more peep holes.
The girls found, though, when they looked through, that the man had
finished drying himself off and was putting his clothes on.  They
watched until he had completely dressed, and they saw him leave the bath
house.

As soon as he had gone, Billie suddenly realized that she was becoming
desperate to pee.  Evidently, Myrtle was feeling the same way, because
both girls rushed into the stalls to do their business.  When Billie
came out, she met Myrtle coming out of the next stall.

"Wow, did you see the size of his dick?"  Myrtle giggled.

"Yeah," Billie replied.	"But how did you know about the knot holes?"

"Oh, there are always peep holes between the men's and women's sides in
these places," Myrtle told her.  "I've peeked through lots of them."

"Hey, that means that they can peek at us, too," Billie suddenly
realized.

"Oh yeah, I've been peeked at lots of times," Myrtle told her.  "I
usually give them a good show when I know they're watching."

Billie couldn't believe her ears, but the idea sounded so exciting that
she hoped she would get a chance to show herself off.

"I'll bet that was Olga's dad,"  Myrtle guessed as they walked back
toward the campsite.  They didn't get a chance to discuss it any further
at the moment, though, because Hedda came out of the vehicle as they
approached, and called for them to hurry and help them set up camp.

They busied themselves getting folding chairs and other equipment out of
the vehicle and setting up camp.  Ralph returned and joined in the work.
He and Bjorn hung a large hammock between two trees while the females
arranged the camp furniture around the entrance to the big camping bus.
Billie noticed that, for some reason, Bjorn seemed to have selected a
place to hang the hammock which was isolated from view.  It was in
behind some trees and bushes, and was visible only from the bus.

After they had finished arranging the campsite, Hedda commented that she
could use a shower and asked the girls if they would like to join her.
They got their clothes and towels and walked down to the bath house.
Billie was thinking about the holes in the wall, and she was sure that
Myrtle was thinking the same thing.  She decided that she was going to
watch the holes to see if she could tell if anyone was watching.

The three of them quickly undressed and went into the shower area.  It
was one big area, and was not divided into stalls. Billie turned on the
shower and began soaping herself, keeping an eye on the knotholes across
the room.  Myrtle was using the shower head next to her and Hedda was
just beyond Myrtle.  Hedda was a tall, well-built woman.  Her tits were
large and firm, jutting out proudly from her chest.  Her stomach was
slightly rounded, and the juncture of her legs was covered with a thick
bush of jet black curls.  Myrtle, like her mother, was tall, with firm
tits standing up proudly, accented by her flat youthful stomach. Unlike
Hedda, who was a brunette, Myrtle was a redhead like her step-father.
Her auburn curls were matched by a thin covering of rust colored curls
between her legs.  Billie, being a year younger than Myrtle, was not as
well endowed.	Her titties were much smaller, being about the size of
oranges, but her nipples were very large and puffy, about like silver
dollars, almost covering her still developing titties.  Her cunthair
below her flat stomach, was almost nonexistent, being a thin growth of
short blonde curls. As Billie lathered her tits, she glanced at the
peepholes again.  She thought she saw a movement behind one of the
holes! Being careful not to appear to be staring, she looked closer.
Yes!  She was sure she could make out an eye behind one of the holes!
Someone was watching!  She glanced at Myrtle.  Myrtle looked at her and
nodded imperceptibly at the hole.	Yes, Myrtle had seen it too.

Billie kept her front towards the hole, lathering her titties and
squeezing them, aware that her large nipples were becoming quite hard.
She glanced at Myrtle and saw that she was facing directly toward the
peep hole and was washing her pussy, her legs slightly apart, giving the
watcher a look directly between her legs.  Hedda, beyond Myrtle, had her
back to the peep hole.  She dropped her soap on the floor and bent over
to pick it up, with her ass pointing straight toward the hole.  Billie
realized that whoever was watching was getting a perfect look up between
Hedda's legs.	When Hedda straightened up, Billie saw her glance toward
the far wall.	Well, how about that, Aunt Hedda knew they were being
watched and she was showing off, too.  For several minutes, all three
females continued to wash themselves and expose themselves to the unseen
watcher.	Finally, they turned off the water and moved to the dressing
area.  Billie sat on a bench, with her knees straight toward the holes
in the wall across the room.	She saw movement behind a hole and spread
her legs, drying her pussy in full view of the watcher!

When they were dressed, the three girls casually gathered up their
things and walked out the door into the fresh sunshine. When they were
alone, Billie and Myrtle talked about what had happened in the shower.
Myrtle agreed with Billie that her mother had been aware of the watcher
and had deliberately exposed herself.  The girls decided that it must
have been Olga's step-father, because both Ralph and Bjorn were
stretched out on lounge chairs at the campsite when they got back there.

After lunch, the kids decided that they wanted to go swimming.  Bjorn
and Hedda said they would "take a nap" while the kids were gone.  They
got their bathing suits and headed for the pool.

"Well, Mom and Dad will be going at it while we are gone," Myrtle said
as they walked along together.

"Yeah," Ralph agreed.  "Don't you wish you could see them do it?"

"Billie saw them," Myrtle told him.  Ralph got very excited and wanted
to know about it.  At their insistence, Billie recounted everything she
had seen in the darkened trailer.	She saw Ralph's pants bulging as she
told the story.  Myrtle saw it too.

"Ralph," she giggled.  "You had better cool off before we get to the
pool, or they might not let you in."

Ralph just grinned and reached down and pushed his bulging lump down.

The girls went into the girls side of the dressing room and changed into
their swimming suits.  When they emerged from the dressing room, they
found Ralph already in the pool.  They both jumped into the water and
soon were splashing and playing in the water.  There was no one else in
at the time, so they had the pool all to themselves.  They were chasing
each other around, splashing and dunking each other.  Billie and Myrtle
had teamed up on Ralph and had succeeded in dunking him twice.  When he
came up the second time, he reached for Myrtle, but she got away.
Suddenly turning on Billie, he grabbed her around the waist and fell
backwards, taking them both underwater.  When they surfaced, laughing
and blowing water, Billie was aware that Ralph still had his arms around
her waist.  He pulled her back against him.	She suddenly became very
aware of something pressing against her butt.  She realized that he had
a hardon.  She could feel it pushing against her.  He slid one hand up,
under the water and she suddenly felt his hand close on her left tit
through her bathing suit.

"Ralph," she giggled.  Myrtle came back up beside them.  She saw Ralph's
hand on Billie's tit under the surface of the water.

"Copping a feel, Ralph?" she asked.

"Sure," he replied, giving Billie's tit a squeeze.

"Better not let your girlfriend see you doing that," Myrtle told him,
nodding toward the end of the pool.  Olga had just emerged from the
dressing room door, dressed in the most skimpy bikini that Billie had
ever seen.  Ralph's hand immediately left Billie's tit and he swam off
toward the end of the pool toward Olga.

"Too bad she showed up right then," Myrtle said.	"I think things were
about to get really interesting.  Did he have a hardon?"

"Yeah, I could feel it up against my butt," Billie told her.

"Well, we'll get some action from him, but I think we're going to have
to share him with Olga," Myrtle observed.

The two girls got out of the water and got cokes from a machine and sat
down at a round table by the pool.  They sat and watched Ralph and Olga
wrestling around in the water.  Billie could see that Ralph had a big
hardon when he surfaced once and rolled momentarily onto his back.
Billie also saw that Olga didn't miss the show he had given for her.
The two kids in the water continued to splash and wrestle around for a
while, then they moved up to the side of the pool next to where the
girls were sitting.  Olga was up against the side of the pool, and Ralph
was against her back.  Both girls knew that he was rubbing his hardon up
against her ass.  She pretended to be talking to Myrtle and Billie, but
the girls could tell that she was having a hard time concentrating on
the conversation.

Finally, Myrtle suggested to Billie that they get out and go explore the
rest of the camp.  Billie agreed and Ralph and Olga didn't seem to be
sorry to see them go.

They went into the dressing room and got their clothes. Myrtle
suggested, with a twinkle in her eye, that they go to the bath house to
change back into their clothes.

As soon as the girls entered the bath house, they checked out the peep
holes.  They were disappointed to find that the other side was not
occupied at the moment.	They then proceeded to get dressed.  Billie was
wearing a shortsleeved blouse and blue jeans over her bra and panties,
and Myrtle was wearing a sleeveless blouse and short shorts over bikini
panties with no bra.  They had just finished dressing when Myrtle
suddenly held her finger to her lips.  They listened and heard whispers
coming through the wall.  They went into the shower area and discovered
that the sound was coming from behind the bath house.

"It's Ralph and Olga," Myrtle whispered in Billie's ear.  "Let's sneak
around and see what they are doing."

The girls went out the door and make their way around behind the bath
house, circling back through the woods to come up behind the building.
Peeking through some bushes, they saw Ralph and Olga right up against
the bath house.  Olga was leaning with her back up against the wall and
Ralph was in front of her.  He was kissing her and he had one strap of
her suit top down.	He had her big tit in his hand, pressing and rolling
it around while he kissed her.  Then he bent down and took her nipple in
his mouth and started sucking on it.  From their vantage point, the
girls could see that the front of Ralph's bathing suit was bulging
almost to the point of bursting.

As Ralph sucked Olga's tit, he began to slide one hand down over her
stomach.	When he reached the top of her bikini bottoms he slid his hand
inside and straight down between her legs.  Even though the material of
her suit was in the way, the girls could see that he was sliding his
finger around in her slit.  Then his hand moved even deeper down in her
suit.

"He's got his finger up her pussy," Myrtle whispered to Billie.

Sure enough, that is exactly where Ralph's finger was.  He was sliding
it slowly in and out of her pussy, his hand moving in her bikini as he
fingered her.	While he was doing that to her, she reached down and
began to squeeze his dick through his bathing suit.  She slid her hand
up to the top of his suit and was just about to put her hand down the
front of his suit when a voice began calling Olga's name.  It was a
woman's voice, obviously Olga's mom, and it was coming from the
direction of the conversion van.  Olga jumped and reached down and
pulled Ralph's hand out of her bikini.	She quickly pulled her strap up
and disappeared around the side of the bath house toward the women's
entrance, so that it would appear that she was coming from the women's
side of the bath house when she emerged into view. Ralph was standing
there looking very forlorn.  Myrtle giggled and grabbed Billie's hand
and emerged from their hiding place.


"Too bad," she told Ralph.  "You were just about to score."

Ralph jumped.	"You were spying on me."

"Aw, you know you don't care," Myrtle said coming up beside him.

Ralph laughed.  "Of all the dumb luck, her mother would have to call her
right then."

"Yeah, left you with a big hardon, didn't she,"  Myrtle laughed at him.
Then she and Billie turned and went around the side of the bath house,
leaving him standing there.

When they got back to the campsite, they found Bjorn and Hedda stretched
out in a couple of the lounge chairs.  Ralph came into camp a few
minutes later.  Hedda asked if they had enjoyed their swim, but did not
ask why they had come back separately.

After supper, they all sat around the table in the front of the vehicle
and played cards until about 10 o'clock.  Hedda told them that she and
Bjorn were going to a late night party at the lodge.  They said they
thought they would go to bed, since it had been a long day.

Hedda suggested to Ralph that he get ready for bed in the small bathroom
in the vehicle, out of deference to Billie's modesty.

"At least until she gets used to us," Hedda told him. 

"After all, she isn't used to our casual ways.  I hope you don't mind
the three of you sleeping in one bed," she told Billie, "but Ralph will
be on the other side of Myrtle from you."

"I'm not as shy as Mother may have led you to believe, Hedda," Billie
told her aunt.

Ralph went into the little bathroom, and Bjorn went back into the back
bedroom.	The girls quickly shed their clothes and put on their sleep
wear, Myrtle wearing a babydoll pajama set and Billie putting on a gown
and matching panties.  When Ralph came out of the bathroom, he had on a
pair of pajama bottoms with no shirt.

The three kids piled up in bed, with Myrtle in the middle, and Hedda and
Bjorn left for the party.

The kids lay quietly for several minutes.  Finally, Myrtle broke the
silence.

"Ralph, I'm surprised you aren't slipping out to see Olga," she said.

"She had to go into town with her folks to visit somebody tonight," he
said.

"You almost got her this afternoon,"  Myrtle grinned at him.

"Yeah, a few more minutes," Ralph said wistfully.

"I noticed you were pretty interested in Billie's titties until Olga
showed up at the pool," Myrtle continued.

Ralph was raised up on one elbow, looking across his sister at Billie.
"Yeah, you've got nice tits, Billie," he told her.

Both girls laughed.  Myrtle pointed down at Ralph's bulging pajamas.
"Why don't you show her that and maybe she'll show you her tits," Myrtle
suggested.

"How about it, Billie?" asked Ralph.  "Will you show me your tits if I
show you my dick?"

Billie looked at the bulging pajama pants.  "I guess so," she replied.

Ralph reached down and unsnapped his pajama pants.  He opened them wide
and his dick popped out into the open, sticking straight up toward his
belly button.	Quickly, he stripped the pants down off of his feet and
kicked them off onto the floor.

"Wow," breathed Billie, staring at his dick.  She could see the veins
bulging in the shaft with the swollen purplish-red knob on the end.
Ralph reached down and wrapped his fingers around the shaft, slowly
sliding his hand up and down along the shaft.

"Now, show me your tits," he said.

"Myrtle has got to show hers, too," Billie said.

"Sure," Myrtle said taking hold of her pajama top and pulling it off
over her head with one smooth movement.  "Now, your turn."

Billie got up on her knees and took the bottom of her gown in her hands.
Slowly, she pulled it up and pulled it off over her head.

"Wow, Billie, they're beautiful," Ralph said, staring at her. Billie
blushed hotly.  "You're both beautiful," Ralph said, looking at his
sister.  "Now show me your pussies."

Myrtle lay back on her back and slowly pushed her panties down.	When
she had them all the way off, she spread her legs and reached down and
used her fingers to pull her pussy wide open, revealing the pink folds
inside.  Ralph's fist was sliding up and down his dick with a regular
rhythm, stroking up and down as he looked at his sister's pussy.

"Now, show him yours," Myrtle told Billie.

Billie lay down on her back and reached down to take hold of her
panties.

"Let me do it," Ralph said.  He crawled over the prone Myrtle, his dick
bobbling up and down as he moved.	He knelt on his knees beside Billie
and took hold of the waistband of her bikini panties.

Slowly, he began pulling them down.  He gasped as her pussy came into
view.  Then he pulled the panties all the way down and off over her
feet.  He sat back on his heels, looking down at his pretty cousin's
pussy.  Then he stretched out on his side between the two girls,
propping himself up on one elbow, looking at Billie.

Myrtle raised up and looked down at Ralph's dick.

"Why don't you jack off for us?" she suggested.

"OK, if both of you will finger yourselves for me," he said.

"Sure, we'll do that, won't we, Billie?" Myrtle agreed.

"Yeah, I guess so," Billie said.  "You go first," she suggested to
Myrtle.

"OK," Myrtle agreed.  She flopped down on her back and spread her legs.
The other two kids raised up so they could see, and Myrtle began
stroking her pussy with her fingertip.	She slowly began to let the tip
of her finger delve down into her crack, tickling her hard clitoris.
Then, she used her fingers to pull her pussy wide open, showing the
juicy pink interior.  Then, using the forefinger of one hand to rub her
clit, she slid the other hand down and began to slide the fingertip down
into her cunthole.	Stroking and fingering, she began to get more and
more excited, playing with herself while the other two watched.	Then,
suddenly, she became very red in the face, and climaxed, arching her
back and shoving her finger all the way up into her pussy. Finally, she
lay back, breathing hard.

"Now, you do it, Ralph," Billie said.

"You first," Ralph said.

"No, you do it, then I'll do it," Billie said.

Ralph slid off of the bed and stood at the foot of the bed facing the
girls.  They lay on their stomachs and watched as his hand began to
slide up and down his hard dick.  Faster and faster his fist pumped on
his dick, until he was nearly jacking himself into a frenzy.  The girls
watched with mounting excitement, as they waited for the eruption.  They
didn't have long to wait.


Suddenly, Ralph thrust forward, his dick sticking out through his
grasping fist.  It was almost like his dick had erupted, a huge glob of
white stuff shooting out the end and landing on the bed. Ralph groaned
as another spurt shot out, landing just short of where the first had
hit.  Spurt after spurt shot out, flying through the air.  Finally, the
spurts turned to a dribble and stopped.

Myrtle jumped off of the bed and grabbed a towel, handing it to Ralph.
He wiped his hand and dick off, then wiped up the puddling come from the
bed.

"Now, Billie, its your turn," Ralph said.  Billie lay back on the bed
and spread her legs wide.  Ralph stood at the end of the bed, looking
right up between her legs while Myrtle lay beside her, watching
intently.

Billie slid her hands down between her legs and slowly pulled her pussy
open for them to see.  She was feeling very excited, and she knew that
her pussy was already wet.  Blushing, partly from embarrassment, partly
from excitement, she began to rub her clitty.  Slowly sliding her
fingertip over the protruding little nubbing, she began to slide the
other hand down farther into her slit, letting the tip of her finger
swirl around in the tight opening to her cunt hole.  Slowly, she began
to slide her middle finger up into her hole.  When it was about half way
in, she began to slide it in and out, fingering herself while she
continued to tickle and rub her clit with the finger of the other hand.
Looking down the length of her body, she saw Ralph stooping down and
looking directly up between her legs.  He raised up and she realized
that his dick was rock hard again.  Suddenly, he crawled onto the bed
between her legs.

Ralph slowly slid his hands up the inside of Billie's thighs. When he
reached her pussy, he used his fingers to hold her pussy lips wide open
while he watched her fingers work on her own pussy.

"Why don't you do it for her?" Myrtle asked him.	In response, Ralph
slid one finger down to where Billie's finger was sliding in and out of
her pussy.  She pulled her finger out and he gently and slowly slid his
own finger up into her hole.	She gasped as she felt it slowly going all
the way up into her cunt. No one else had ever had a finger in her, and
having Ralph doing this to her was much better than doing it herself.
Ralph began to slowly slide his finger in and out of her.  He used the
tip of the forefinger of his other hand to rub her clit.  He gently
rolled the little button back and forth as he fingered her.  Billie
began to feel the rising excitement which she knew meant that she was
about to come.  Suddenly, gasping for breath, she thrust her hips
upwards toward the thrusting finger and began to jerk, gyrating her hips
wildly on his thrusting finger.  She was coming!	Bigger and better than
she had ever come before.


Finally, Billie lay still.  Ralph pulled his finger out of her juicy
pussy and looked down at her.  "Billie, you are beautiful," he told her.
She smiled at him.	Looking down, she saw that his dick was still
sticking up, hard as it could be.

Suddenly, Ralph lowered himself down on top of her.  She could feel his
stomach against her stomach, his chest pressed against her tits.  She
felt his lips contact her lips, his tongue coming in between her lips.
Then she felt his dick come up between her legs, the end sliding right
into her juicy slit.

"No, Ralph," she suddenly gasped, pushing against him.  He began raising
up and down, trying to find her cunt hole with the end of his dick.

"No," she said again, almost in a panic.  Myrtle grabbed her brother by
the shoulders and began pulling on him, trying to pull him off of her.

"Ralph, stop it," Myrtle was telling him.  Seeming to come to his
senses, Ralph suddenly raised up and rolled off of his cousin. He looked
over at her, the disappointment showing in his eyes.

"Ralph, I've never done it," Billie told him.

"Neither have I," Myrtle said.  "Ralph, you can't do it to her if she
doesn't want to," she told him.

"I know it," he said.  "Billie, I'm sorry.  All of a sudden, I just
wanted so badly to fuck you."

"I know," she told him.	"I wanted to do it too, but I was scared.
Maybe we'll do it some other time."

"Wow, I hope you'll let me watch if you do," Myrtle said.

"Let me do it to you," Ralph said, half playfully and half seriously.

"UhUh," she replied.  "You've tried before, and I've told you that I
feel funny about letting my brother fuck me.  Besides, I'm a little
scared too."

"Well, let me finger you," he said sliding his hand up between her legs.
Myrtle giggled and rolled onto her back, spreading her legs so he could
get to her.  Billie raised up and looked over his body, watching his
finger slide in and out of Myrtle's pussy.

Looking down, Billie saw his dick sticking straight out in front of him.
She reached down and boldly grasped it in her fist.  Ralph grunted as
she began to slide her hand up and down the length of the hard shaft.

Myrtle raised her head and looked down, seeing what was going on.  "Oh,
yeah, you do him while he does me," she told Billie. Billie

continued to slowly jack on Ralph's dick.  She delighted in the feel of
it in her hand.  She couldn't believe how the outer skin slid up and
down on the shaft as she pumped it up and down.  And when her hand went
all the way out to the end, she marvelled at the velvety smoothness of
the big red knob.  Juice was flowing out of the slit in the end and
running down over her hand, lubricating the shaft as it slipped back and
forth in her fist. Looking over at Myrtle, Billie saw that she was
getting red in the face, huffing and puffing through her nostrils.
Ralph's finger was sliding in and out of her pussy, pumping in a pool of
pussy juice.  Ralph was beginning to thrust his dick through Billie's
pumping fist, now.	He was contributing as much to the jacking off as
she was.

Suddenly, Myrtle let out a little shriek and grabbed Ralph's hand.  She
shoved on it, driving his finger all the way up in her pussy and holding
it there.  She was coming.

And Ralph was right behind her.  With a sudden thrust that nearly jerked
his dick out of Billie's hand, he began shooting off.

Spurt after spurt of white cum shot from his dick, splattering against
Myrtle's hip, as Billie continued to slide her hand up and down the
slippery shaft.  Finally, it quit spurting.	Billie looked down at the
juice running down all over her hand.  She was amazed at how warm and
slippery it was.

Ralph pulled his finger out of Myrtle's pussy and reached for the towel.
Billie released his dick and watched him wipe the juice off of Myrtle's
hip and then wipe his dick off.  Then, turning toward her, he took her
hand and wiped it off with the towel.  He grinned at her and she smiled
back.

"Hey, we better get our clothes back on," Myrtle said.  "Mom and Dad may
be back any time."	Realizing that they were all three lying there naked
and that Bjorn and Hedda might walk in the door at any time, the three
youngsters quickly scrambled back into their night clothes.  They turned
on the TV set and lay and watched TV with Ralph between Billie and
Myrtle.  The girls nestled up against him and they all watched TV until
they fell asleep, which wasn't long in the satisfied state which they
found themselves in.  When Bjorn and Hedda came in, they found them
snoring peacefully with the TV still going.	Hedda went over and turned
the TV off, then stopped and looked down at the sleeping youths.

Her brow went up, a puzzled look on her face when she realized that
Ralph was sleeping between the two girls.  Then, as she moved around the
foot of the bed, she noticed the towel lying on the floor at the foot of
the bed.	When she picked it up she noticed that it was stiff in places.
She examined it and then a broad smile went over her face as she
recognized feel of dried cum on the cloth.  She stood a few moments and
looked down at the kids, wondering just how far they were going.  She
was somewhat surprised at her reaction.  Ralph might be screwing his
cousin.

She then suddenly realized that if he had, he had done it in front of
his sister.  Then she realized that he might have screwed Myrtle, too.
Hedda was surprised at how excited that prospect made her feel.

The kids spent most of the next morning at the swimming pool.  Olga had
evidently not come back yet, because she had not put in an appearance.
They didn't get to do anything of a sexual nature while they were at the
pool because Bjorn and Hedda were there also.

Hedda had told Bjorn about her suspicions from observing the towel and
she had been surprised at his reaction.  His response had been one of
"Do you really think they are messing around? Hey, maybe we could watch
them?"  They had decided that they would keep their eyes open for
anything going on.

About noon, Olga and her parents returned to camp.  When they were all
walking back to the campsite, the big conversion van pulled in just as
they were passing the parking place it had occupied.  Olga jumped out
and called to them, so the three kids stopped to talk to her.  The girls
didn't hang around long, because it was evident that her attention was
directed to Ralph.

When they got back to camp, Hedda asked them where Ralph was and when
they said he was with Olga, she just smiled.  When Ralph got back,
Myrtle asked him if he had made a date to see her and he told them that
he was meeting her behind the bath house again after lunch.

Ralph ate quickly and made his exit as soon as possible. 

Myrtle suggested to Billie that they spy on him again, so the girls
slipped off as soon after Ralph left as they could.  Hedda saw them go
into the woods in behind the campsite, as she noticed that they turned
toward the bath house before they were completely out of site.

"I wonder what they are up to," she wondered to herself.  Bjorn was
stretched out in the hammock, so she decided to follow them.

Billie and Myrtle made their way through the bushes behind the bath
house as quietly as they could.  When they reached the same vantage
point they had enjoyed the day before, they peeked out of the bushes.
They were delighted with what they saw.

Ralph and Olga were up against the back of the bath house again.  Ralph
had Olga's blouse unbuttoned.  She wasn't wearing a bra and he both
hands full of her big tits.  His jeans were bulging so that it looked
like the zipper would split.	As they watched, Ralph bent down and took
a large nipple in his mouth and started sucking.	It was obvious that
Olga liked what he was doing.

Hedda almost came up on the girls before she realized it.  If they
hadn't been so intent on looking through the bushes at something, they
would have seen her.  She backed up a little and made a slight circle so
she could see what they were watching. Pushing the bushes apart
silently, she peered out.  She almost gasped at what she saw.  Ralph was
sucking Olga's big tits and he had his hand between her legs feeling her
pussy through her shorts.  As Hedda watched, she saw Olga reach down and
squeeze Ralph's bulging crotch through his jeans.

Ralph let Olga's tit slip out of his mouth and stood up.  He reached
down and unzipped Olga's shorts, then pushed them down over her hips.
She wasn't wearing any panties, either.  She had really come dressed for
action.  She quickly stepped out of the shorts and then knelt in front
of Ralph.  She unfastened his pants and tugged them down to his knees.
She immediately pulled his shorts down as well and wrapped her fingers
around his throbbing dick.  She slid her hand up and down the length of
it a couple of times, then stuck out her tongue and licked it right on
the end!

Billie and Myrtle gasped when they saw Olga lick Ralph's prick and then
take the end of it in her mouth and start sucking on it. Ralph looked
like he was in heaven.  He was leaning back against the side of the bath
house thrusting his hips at Olga's mouth.

Hedda had a clear view of her son's dick sliding in and out of Olga's
lips.  She was amazed at the size of his organ.

"Takes after his daddy," she thought to herself.

Ralph knew he couldn't last long with Olga's mouth sucking hungrily at
his prick.  Suddenly, he knew he couldn't last at all.  He let out a
guttural grunt as his cock suddenly exploded in her mouth.

Billie and Myrtle could tell that Ralph was coming in Olga's mouth.
They could even see her throat working as she swallowed the powerful
spurts which he was shooting in her mouth.  When he finished coming, she
licked his dick clean and stood up.

She whispered something to him and leaned back against the side of the
bath house.  Ralph knelt between her legs, his jeans and shorts down
around his ankles now.  He used his fingers to open her pussy wide and
then began to lick up and down in her slit.

"The little rascal is going to eat her," Hedda thought to herself.  Sure
enough, Ralph was doing exactly that.  Hedda could see his head working
as he tongued and licked the juicy pussy in front of him.  Olga must
have been pretty hot, because he didn't have long to work on her before
she grabbed his head and shoved it hard up between her legs.  She almost
suffocated him, holding him prisoner there between her legs while she
came.

When she finally released him, he reached up and pulled her down beside
him.  His dick was pointing straight up again.  Ralph pushed Olga down
on her back and crawled over her.	From her hiding place, Hedda could
look straight up between their legs.

She saw Olga pull her legs up and spread them wide.  She saw Olga's hand
come down and grab the hard dick and guide it to the juicy hole between
her legs.  She saw Ralph lunge forward and sink the full length of his
prick straight up her cunt hole.  He held it there for a moment and then
began to fuck her.

Billie and Myrtle could see Ralph's dick appear and disappear beneath
Olga's pulled up leg as he fucked her.	As they watched, they saw her
reach down and grab him by the ass, urging him on. He didn't really need
any urging, however, as he was enthusiastically fucking her.  Harder and
harder, faster and faster, he screwed her.  Suddenly, she began to gasp
and whine, and then Ralph let out a series of grunts and buried his dick
up to the balls in her as he shot his wad up her pussy.  She was
obviously coming too, as she held on tightly to his ass.

Finally, Ralph raised up and pulled it out of her.

Hedda could see her pussy gaping open when Ralph's dick slid out.  She
saw a big glob of cum slide right out of the girl's pussy.	Ralph stood
up and pulled his shorts and pants up.	Olga put her shorts back on and
buttoned her blouse.  Ralph kissed her on the lips, then took her by the
hand and led her away around the side of the bath house.

Hedda stayed very still, as she watched the girls come out of the bushes
and go up to the spot where the fucking had taken place.  They looked
around and giggled as they talked to each other about what they had
seen.  She heard Myrtle say to Billie, "Boy, after watching that, I can
hardly wait to have it done to me.  I really want to lose my cherry!"

"Me, too," Billie agreed with her.

"Are you going to let Ralph do it to you?" Myrtle asked her cousin.

"I don't know, probably," Billie replied.  "I think I would like to try
what he and Olga did with their mouths first, though."

"Yea, me too," Myrtle replied.  "Playing with him and letting him play
with us is fun, but I think it's time to do a little more."

Billie nodded in agreement as the girls made their way off through the
woods.

Hedda knew that the conversation she had heard meant that Ralph was not
fucking his cousin or his sister, but it also meant that the girls were
ready and that it would probably happen soon!

She suddenly realized that she was desperately needing to piss. She made
her way around to the front of the bath house.

Suddenly, on an impulse, she went over the the entrance to the men's
side.  She listened silently.  She didn't hear anything. She looked
around.  There was no one in sight.  She looked around the entrance into
the inside of the bath house.  There was no one inside.  She had always
wanted to pee in the men's room!  She decided to take a chance!

As Billie and Myrtle made their way through the woods, Billie suddenly
realized that she needed to pee.  She told Myrtle to go on without her
and she turned back toward the bath house.

Inside the men's room, Hedda was perched on the pot with her shorts and
panties down around her ankles.  She spread her legs and released her
bladder, causing the water in the pot to sing with the stream of piss
she cut loose in it.  When she finished, she wiped her pussy and reached
for her clothes bunched at her ankles.	Suddenly, she became aware that
someone was watching her!  Olga's step-father was standing just inside
the door, looking at her.  He didn't say a word, he just walked slowly
toward her. Her eyes were drawn to the huge bulge between his legs.  She
sat still until he stood in front of her.  He extended his hand to her
and she took it.  He pulled her to a standing position and immediately
kissed her.

There she stood, with her shorts and panties still down around her
ankles, being kissed by a man she had never really met before.  Hedda
couldn't believe it.  This was more like one of her wild fantasies than
reality.	She felt his hands close on her breasts, cupping them and
feeling them through her blouse.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and she knew
that he could feel her nipples hardening through the material of the
blouse.

Finally, his lips left hers and he unbuttoned her blouse. He pulled it
wide open, exposing her beautiful breasts to his view.  She knew that he
had seen them before, through the knothole in the wall.  She moaned as
his hands closed on her boobs, palming and rolling them on her chest.
She felt his hand slide down over her belly, straight down between her
legs.  His finger slipped down into her crack, finding her clit.  She
moaned as he rubbed her clit, then slid his finger farther down and up
into her cunt hole.  Her pussy was creaming around the invading finger.

Billie had entered the other side of the bath house.  She was about to
pull her shorts down to pee when she heard a moan through the wall.  Her
need was immediately forgotten!  She moved quickly to a knothole and
looked through.  She couldn't believe her eyes.  There was her aunt,
standing kind of spraddle legged with Olga's father's finger up her
pussy!  As Billie watched, she saw Hedda reach down and unfasten the
man's pants, pushing them down.

Like father, like daughter, Hedda thought to herself as she found that
he didn't have on any underwear.  She wrapped her fingers around the
huge dick standing straight up in front of his belly.	Slowly, she slid
her hand up and down along the length of it, naturally timing her
strokes with the strokes of his finger in her pussy.

He stepped back, reaching down and freeing his feet from his pants.
Then he gently turned her around so that she had her back to him.  She
stepped out of her shorts and panties and leaned over, bracing her hands
on the toilet tank.  He moved in close behind her, taking hold of her
hips.  Hedda spread her legs and reached back between them and took hold
of the mighty weapon pointing at her.  She guided it straight to it's
target and gasped in pleasure as he sank the full length up in her pussy
with one thrust.

Billie was watching excitedly, as she saw the man starting to screw her
aunt.  From her position, she could actually see his dick going in and
out of her, because the knot hole through which she was looking was low
and they were facing directly away from her and really quite close to
her.

Hedda couldn't believe she was doing this.  Here she was, leaning over a
commode with a stranger's dick sliding in and out of her pussy!	And it
felt soooo gooooood!  He was really balling her now.  His hard thrusts
were shaking her all over.  From her position, Billie could see her
aunt's tits shaking as the man rammed her.  Hedda could feel the climax
coming.  Then suddenly, she was there!	And so was he!  She could feel
him spurting in her as he grunted in her ear.

Billie watched the man pull out of his aunt then help her to straighten
up.	Then he moved up to the toilet and stood right there and started to
piss.  She heard her aunt giggle and saw her reach down and take hold of
his prick and aim it.  When he finished peeing, she saw her aunt shake
it and then give it a little pat.

When the couple in the other room had dressed and left, Billie quickly
relieved her bladder and headed back to camp.  When she got there, she
found Hedda stretched out on a lounge chair looking like she was totally
relaxed.	Bjorn was asleep in the hammock and Ralph and Myrtle were
sitting on the couch (folded up during the daytime) in the vehicle
watching tv.  When she came in, she found that Myrtle had told Ralph
that they had watched him and Olga.

"Say, what took you so long to get back from the bath house?" Myrtle
asked her.

Billie hesitated, then told them about seeing Olga's dad screw Hedda.
Ralph and Myrtle couldn't believe their ears.

"Wow, I knew Mom was hot to trot, but I thought it was only for Dad,"
Ralph said.

"Well, why shouldn't she want it?" Myrtle said.  "After all, you want to
get in every girl's pants that you meet."

"Oh, I think it's fantastic," Ralph said.

"Yeah, so I see," Myrtle replied, looking at his bulging crotch.  "And
so soon after Olga, too."  Ralph laughed and reached down and rubbed his
hardon through his pants.

The kids quickly quieted down when they heard someone at the door.
Bjorn came in and flopped down beside them to watch tv so they didn't
get to talk about it anymore.

A little while later, Hedda came into the vehicle.

"Bjorn, we told that lady on the other side of the park that we would
bring Myrtle down to look at her doll collection this afternoon," she
reminded her husband.

"Oh, yeah," Bjorn groaned.

Hedda explained to Myrtle that they had met a lady with some rag dolls
for sale.  Myrtle collected them and was eager to go to see them.

"Do you want to go, Billie?" she asked.

"Uh, I don't think so, if you don't mind," Billie replied.

"We'll be back in about an hour," Hedda told Ralph and Billie. 

"When Myrtle gets to looking at rag dolls, we have a hard time getting
her to leave."

The three of them left and Billie was alone in the bus with Ralph.  They
sat there for a few minutes watching TV.  Then, suddenly, Ralph slid
over next to Billie and put his arm around her shoulder.  Billie looked
at him and smiled.	Ralph leaned over and kissed her right on the lips.

Billie liked the feeling of Ralph's lips on hers.  They were soft and
warm and it did something to her.	Ralph continued to kiss her, opening
his mouth and slipping his tongue between her lips.  She extended the
tip of her tongue and flicked his tongue with hers.

The two kids continued to kiss, openmouthed and hard.	As they kissed,
both of them began to gasp for breath.	Finally, their lips parted and
they looked at each other.

"Wow," Billie exclaimed.

"Did you like that?" Ralph asked.

"Ummmhmmm," Billie replied, leaning forward for him to kiss her again.
Their lips began to work against each other, their tongues twisting and
licking at each other.  Billie wrapped both arms around Ralph's neck as
he kissed her.  She felt his hand sliding up her side and then around
between them.	He had his hand on her tit through her blouse!  She
purred in his mouth as he began to palm and feel her little tittie.

After a few moments of this, Billie felt his fingers fumbling with the
buttons of her blouse.  She giggled and brought her hands away from
around his neck to help him unbutton her blouse. He pulled it wide open
and reached up and pulled both bra straps down!  She gasped as his hands
closed on both bare titties.	He kissed her lips again, then began to
kiss his way down her neck and down onto her front.  Slowly, he kissed
his way down to her budding breasts.  When he reached her right breast
with his lips, he kissed his way around the small tit and then moved up
to the swollen nipple.  Billie gasped loudly when his lips closed on her
nipple and he began to suck on it.  She cradled his head in her arms as
he nursed at her budding breast.

Moving back and forth from one breast to the other, Ralph was working
Billie up into a real stew.  He slid his hand down over her hip to her
leg.  He slipped his hand between her knees, and began to move his hand
back up the inside of her thigh.

Billie felt the warm hand sliding up her leg and she knew he was headed
for her pussy.  When he reached her crotch, she gasped when he slid his
hand over and palmed her pussy through her shorts.  He rubbed his hand
up and down on her pussy through her shorts for a few moments, then he
began to try to get his finger inside the tight leg of her shorts.

"Ralph, wouldn't it be easier if you just took them off?" she whispered
in his ear.

Ralph didn't waste any time complying with her suggestion. He quickly
unzipped them and pulled them down over her legs and off as she raised
up to help him.  He then slid his hand back up between her legs and felt
her pussy through her bikini panties.

He could feel the heat through the thin material, and the moisture
seeping through them.  He hooked a finger under the leg and pulled the
crotch to the side.  He palmed her bare pussy, then slipped a finger
into the top of her crack.  She groaned as his finger found her clit.

Ralph looked down at the beautiful sight.  His finger was slowly sliding
deeper and deeper into the juicy little slit.  The thin blonde curls hid
none of her slit from his view.  Slowly, he inched his finger deeper
into her slit until he was twirling his fingertip in the entrance to her
pussy.  He was amazed at the juice!  Boy was she hot!

Billie suddenly raised up and grasped the top of her panties. Lifting
her ass, she quickly peeled them down and off.  Ralph immediately slid
his finger back up into her pussy when she spread her legs for him to
get to her.  Slowly, he pumped his finger in and out of her.

Billie couldn't believe how good it felt.  But she wanted to sample some
of the other things she had observed today. "Ralph, why don't you kiss
my pussy like you kissed Olga's?" she whispered to him.

Ralph didn't hesitate.  He slid to the floor and knelt in front of her.
She pulled her legs up and spread them wide, propping her heels on the
edge of the sofa as she leaned back. Ralph kissed his way up the inside
of her thighs.  When he reached her pussy, he flicked his tongue out and
licked the end of her hard little clittie.  She gasped and jerked every
time he licked it.	He ran his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her
gushing juices.  He licked his way down to her brimming hole and thrust
his tongue as far up the entrance as he could get it.	He opened his
mouth wide, covering her whole pussy with her mouth, sucking and licking
everything he could get to.  He slid his finger up to her hole and
slowly pushed it all the way in as he licked her clit.  He began to pump
his finger in and out of her, licking her little bud of a clit.	He
fastened his lips around the tiny morsel and began to suck it, licking
the end of it as his lips pulled on it.

Billie suddenly grabbed his head in both hands, pulling him hard against
her pussy, as she let out a little shriek.  She was coming!!

Finally, she released his head and he raised up and grinned at her.

"Stand up," she told him, raising up to a sitting position. 

Ralph did as he was told, standing up in front of her.  Her fingers
tugged his zipper down and opened his pants.  Quickly she pulled them
down below his knees, then she stripped his shorts down.

His dick was standing up proud and hard, pointing right up at his belly
button.  She slid one hand up between his legs, feeling his balls.  The
other hand clasped his dick and began to slowly slide up and down along
the shaft.  She pumped it several times, looking at the juice seeping
out of the slit in the end. Then she leaned forward and stuck out her
tongue.  Tentatively, she touched the tip of her tongue to the end of
his prick.  She liked the taste!  It was strong and kind of sour-sweet.
She licked the end, swiping her tongue all around the head.  Ralph
groaned with pure pleasure!

Billie pursed her lips and kissed it right on the end.  Then, slowly
moving forward, she let her lips slowly enclose the end of his dick,
sliding down until she had the whole knob in her mouth. She pressed
forward, taking some of the shaft in her mouth. Slowly, she took more
and more until the end of his prick was against the back of her throat.
She could see that she had a little more than half of it in her mouth.
That was not quite as much as Olga had managed to swallow, but it would
have to do until she got more used to it.  It was about to gag her, as
it was.

Billie then slowly let it slide out of her mouth until only the end was
in.	Then she reversed directions and repeated the movement.  She could
tell from Ralph's groaning that he was really enjoying it.	He began to
contribute to the movement, sliding his dick in and out of her mouth.
She was using her tongue on the underside of it as it slid in and out.
She was also exerting as much suction as she could.

Billie was afraid that Ralph would lose control and jam it down her
throat, so she wrapped her fist around it at just the right place to
control the maximum depth that she wanted.  Suddenly, Ralph groaned and
gasped and Billie felt the dick in her mouth begin to throb.  She knew
he was about to shoot his load, so she withdrew her mouth until she had
only the knob in her mouth and began to suck hard.

Bam!  Ralph cut loose in her mouth.  The first wad almost shot down her
throat without her swallowing, it spurted out with such power.
Swallowing rapidly, Billie tried to keep up with the gushes of hot juice
spurting from the end of his dick.  Finally, the spurts slowed to a
dribble and then quit.

She sucked the last of the juice out of the piss slit and let his dick
slide out of her mouth.

Billie looked up at Ralph and grinned.	He was still gasping for breath,
but he smiled at her.

"Oh, Billie, that was wonderful," he told her.

She grinned at him, wiping the corner of her mouth with the back of her
hand.  "It tastes different from anything I've ever tasted before, but I
liked it," she told him.

Ralph sank weakly down on the sofa beside her.  He kissed her on the
lips, then leaned down and gently kissed each breast. Suddenly, Billie
jumped up.  She heard voices coming up the road!

"They're coming!"  she told Ralph.  Quickly, they grabbed their clothes
and put them on.  They were sitting on the sofa watching TV when the
door opened and Myrtle entered, followed by Bjorn and Hedda.

Myrtle looked at them and immediately knew that something had happened.
She couldn't wait to find out what they had done. Hedda also knew that
something had happened.	She could feel it.

"Hey, let's go for a walk," Myrtle suggested.

The other two agreed and out the door they went.	Hedda quickly told
Bjorn her suspicions and the two adults decided to try to follow them.

The three kids set out through the woods.  As soon as they were out of
earshot of the van, Myrtle asked what they had been up to.	Billie and
Ralph grinned at her.

"What do you mean?" Ralph teased his sister.

"I know you two did something while I was gone," she replied.  "Now tell
me what you did.  Did he fuck you?" she asked her cousin.

"No, but he licked my pussy and I sucked his dick," Billie told her,
wanting her to know about it.  "And it was fantastic," she added.

"Wow," Myrtle exclaimed, as they came up to the little clear spot behind
the bath house.

Bjorn and Hedda almost lost the kids trying to follow them through the
woods, but Hedda was pretty sure she knew where they were going.  Sure
enough, they soon peeked out at the back of the bath house and found the
three of them there.  Myrtle was leaning back against the side of the
bath house with her blouse wide open.  Ralph was sucking her tits while
Billie watched.  After a few moments, Ralph knelt down and stripped
Myrtle's shorts and panties down and off.  Wasting no time, he used his
fingers to open his sister's pussy and went to work on it with his
tongue.

"Wow, look at that," Bjorn gasped.  "And look at Myrtle.  She's growing
into some kinda woman."

Hedda smiled.	She wasn't surprised to hear him say something like that.
She had suspected for sometime that Bjorn was fantasizing about his
step-daughter.  Up against the wall, Ralph was really working Myrtle
over.  His head was bobbing and working from side to side as he worked
on her pussy with his mouth and tongue and lips.	Suddenly, she let out
a little squeal and grabbed his head, shoving it hard up against her
pussy as she climaxed.

"She's gonna smother him," Bjorn chuckled.  Suddenly, he raised up a
little and tugged Hedda's shorts and panties down. She was on her knees,
so this was easy to accomplish.  She looked back at him and smiled as he
dropped his pants to his knees and knelt behind her.  She reached down
and stripped her shorts and panties completely off so she could get her
legs apart.  As soon as she spread her legs, she felt the end of his
huge dick nudge it's way up into her gash and felt the end slip back and
forth in her slit.	Bjorn pulled it back up against her pussy hole and
then pressed forward, lodging the end in her cunt.  He took hold of her
hips with both hands and slowly pushed forward, sinking the full length
of his cock in her juicy pussy.

Bjorn suddenly realized that she was really juicy.  Much juicier than he
would have expected.  She felt like she had cum in her cunt!  He pulled
his dick out of her and looked down at it.  It was coated with a heavy
deposit and he recognized it as come!  Another man's come!	Hedda looked
back at him, wondering what he was doing.  He pressed forward and slid
it into her again, up to the balls.

Hedda suddenly realized that Bjorn was fucking her in the come left by
Olga's father.  She didn't know whether he realized it or not, but if he
did, it wasn't slowing him down.  He was screwing her with long steady
strokes.

Up against the bath house wall, the girls now had Ralph's pants and
shorts down and both of them were kneeling in front of him.  Myrtle was
sucking his dick while Billie played with his balls.

Bjorn and Hedda could see their daughter's mouth clearly as she slurped
back and forth on the boy's dick.